---
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 0
---

import IntroContents from '../src/components/wiki/intro-contents';
import RandomPage from '../src/components/wiki/random-page';

# Tech Crew Wiki

Welcome to the Tech Crew wiki! This serves as a central location for explaining how we work and providing useful
information to anyone interested in technical theatre or taking part in one of our shows or hires. Whilst this is mainly
intended for and maintained by members of Warwick Tech Crew, this wiki open to everyone, and we hope that this can be a
useful technical resource for anyone interested in theatre and events, whether at Warwick, another university or not
even a student!

You can use this wiki by browsing through _Next_/_Previous_ options at the bottom of the page, flicking through the
sidebar or using the search tool - do whatever works best for you! Please also don't feel to obliged to read or remember
everything, as often things are learnt best by doing them!

## Shortlinks

The wiki has a shortlink system, where certain pages can be accessed via a short URL. If this is available, this can be
found at the top of the page (mobile) or on the sidebar (computer).

Sometimes, there may be multiple shortlinks available for a page. These can be seen by clicking on the Expand button on
the top right of the shortlink box, or by opening the page on
[GitHub](https://github.com/WarwickTechCrew/tc-website-wiki/tree/main/wiki). We also have a short domain, **wwtc.uk**,
which will simply always direct to the equivalent page on **warwicktechcrew.co.uk** - either can be used! Generally,
we'd recommend using the full domain for official links/publicity, but the short domain is easier to share with others.

## Contributing

This wiki is still a work in progress, and **everyone is welcome to contribute** - even if you've only just joined the
society! You can edit the content by clicking the _Edit this page_ link at the bottom of each page or by going directly
to the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/WarwickTechCrew/tc-website-wiki). You'll need to register a GitHub account
if you haven't already got one, and can then make changes directly in your browser using the pencil icon at the top
right of the page (you can find a guide on formatting [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features)).
Alternatively, you can send a message on the Discord with what you want to add and someone else can handle the more
technical part.

More information on how and what to contribute can be found on the [Contributing Guide](/wiki/resources/contributing).

Our current list of contributors can be found
[here](https://github.com/WarwickTechCrew/tc-website-wiki/graphs/contributors), with an auto-generated changelog
available on the [Wiki Changelog](/wiki/resources/changelog) page (updates every 24h). Thanks to everyone who has helped
so far!

<a href="https://github.com/WarwickTechCrew/tc-website-wiki/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=WarwickTechCrew/tc-website-wiki" />
</a>

## I'm Feeling Lucky

<RandomPage/ >

## Contents

<IntroContents />
